Problem statement:
Having recently finished university and moved half-way across Australia, I've 
decided it's time to adopt a hobby, and that hobby is competitive Warhammer.

Warhammer is a tabletop boardgame (games-workshop.com/en-AU/Warhammer-Age-of-Sigmar)
involving painted miniatures where dice rolls are used to determine the 
success or failure of player/army actions. Each model has unique in-game 
statistics, abilities, and costs. In competitive Warhammer each players' army 
consists of 2000 points worth of models.

For my GA project I propose to use linear regression to model the estimated 
in game points cost of Warhammer units. Following this, model residuals will 
be examined to determine which units have statistics and abilities which are 
currently under costed (based on model estimates), with the intention that an
optimised army list will select more units that are under-costed and minimise
those which are over costed.

Hypothesis:
H1 - 	Warhammer units will exhibit variance in their modelled points cost (unit
	statistics/abilities regressed on points cost).

Assumptions:
A1 - 	Statistical assumptions for unit data (i.e., OLS assumptions).
A2 - 	That unit stats/abilities will strongly relate to unit costs (see goals G2).
	Given the producers of Warhammer support competitive play they are 
	incentivised to balance the overall strengths and costs of in-game 
	units (with points updated every 3ish months).

Goals/steps:
G1 -	Extract unit data from Wahapedia (wahapedia.ru/aos3/factions/hedonites-of-slaanesh/warscrolls.html).
	Data will be scraped from Wahapedia, then converted into a csv for 
	cleaning/modelling in python.
G2 -	Data will be transformed, cleaned, and basic features created to improve predictive 
	performance (e.g., simple moderation and/or curvilinear features added).
G3 - 	Useful predictive models will be generated. Given the strong (assumed) relationship 
	between model statistics and in-game points cost, the first success metrics will 
	include a high model R2 value (i.e., R2 >= .50).
G4 -  Data visulisation techniques will be used to examine the data, with particular interest to
	residual scores.

Risks/limitations:
R1 - 	Many units have unique abilities that which may not be easily coded, some qualitative 
	coding/data entry may be required for these skills/abilities (gross). I will attempt more programatic approaches to this issue but I suspect some degree of manual entry/domain knowledge will be required. 
R2 -	Any cost related to unique abilities that are not imputed in the data will inflate 
	error terms.
R3 - 	Having a small sample size of n = 200-300 is appropriate for regression, but likely 
	too small for anything more advanced (i.e., ML techniques).
R4 - 	Not technically a predictive analysis (although it could be used for this), instead 
	the key variable of interest are the regression residuals. 